>> Brian Holt: All right this is really
feeling gross to write this inside of
a script tag, does everyone
feel sufficiently gross inside?
Good, that’s what I wanted
you to feel this morning.
So what I want you to do is I want
you to open a file called App.js,
just put it in the same source directory.
One thing I wanted to point
out at this point as well.
React is extremely flexible.
It's not very prescriptive at
all about pretty much anything.
I like this because it allows me
to make technical decisions for
myself and not rely on
the technical decisions of others,
but that's a philosophy that I have,
right?
And you don't necessarily
have to share that.
Which means we can organize our project
however we want, React doesn't care,
React has zero opinions on the matter
of how you organize your project.
I have organized this project just for
simplicity, it's not a very big project.
So, I'm not saying that this repo
that we're gonna end up with is
incredibly well organized,
I'm just gonna say it's simple.
So that's one thing I
wanted to throw out there,
that's not something I'm intending
to teach you with this workshop.
Okay, so take everything from your
script tag here, cut that out, and
put this inside of your app.
Delete that comment as well.
Say that.
Go back over to your index.html and
put your src ="./App.js".
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so all I did was cut
that entire script out of the source here
and I put that inside of app.JS.
>> Brian Holt: Next thing we're
gonna do is we're going to create
another component.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna
say const Pet = another arrow
function
>> Brian Holt: I'm going
to return React.createElement.
>> Brian Holt: Another div.
>> Brian Holt: Another empty object,
and inside of that another array and
we're going to describe
a pet very quickly.
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna say react.createElement.
Gonna make this an h2, lets make it
an h1 actually cuz that's my notes have,
empty object and you can put
whatever your pet's name is there,
mine's name is Luna, okay?
>> Brian Holt: And then I'm gonna put
three different lines in here, and
this is gonna be an h1 and two h2's.
And Luna is a Dog, and
her breed is Havanese.
>> Brian Holt: So
I've created another stamp here, right?
I have not used the stamp but I've gone
to the store and I've purchased one and
I'm just kinda holding it,
not doing anything with it yet.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so here, inside of
App, I'm gonna make this into an array so
I can put multiple children in it.
>> Brian Holt: And here,
let's make this look nice.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna put
three instances of the pet item.
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna put React.createElement Pet,
then I'm gonna put this three times.
>> Brian Holt: Now notice I'm not putting
the rest of the stuff in there as well.
You can if you want to.
You can put empty object and
empty array or something like that.
You don't have to.
It's optional.
If you don't give it anything, it just
assumes that it has no attributes and
has no children.
>> Brian Holt: So I made a rubber stamp,
and I stamped it three times, right?
So now, what do you expect
to see when we render this?
Well, I expect to see a div, right?
Inside of that div, the first thing we see
is an h1, and then I'm gonna stamp Pet,
okay, so I'm gonna go inside of Pet here
and I'm going to inspect a div, an h1 and
two h2s here, right?
And I'm gonna see that this pattern
repeated three times, make sense?
It's now on 3, if we go in here,
you should see Adopt Me,
Luna Dog Havanese, Luna Dog Havanese,
Luna Dog Havanese.
>> Brian Holt: So this is what's cool
about components is they are inherently
reusable, right?
I made one pet component and
I stamped it three times.
>> Brian Holt: Which is pretty cool,
except for
the fact that this is not
very flexible at all, right?
It's not flexible.
There are other dogs besides Luna,
I'm told, so
we probably need to make this
a little bit more flexible.